---
title: Design39
subtitle: A collaboration between ourselves and Design 39 School
layout: default
modal-id: 2
date: 2023-12-26
img: d39.png
thumbnail: d39.png
alt: image-alt
de
---

### Paaras, Emaad, and Dinesh went to a Design 39 parent meeting to discuss our company, where we were able to successfully make a positive impact on several new parents, gaining numerous new students and several new tutors.

Design39 isn't just a beautiful campus. It's home to a lot of successful, academically inclined students K-8. Fortunately, it is also right next to Del Norte High, where all of Blue Owl staff goes to school. Our president, Emaad Mir, was able to get in contact with the counseling team at D39, where we were able to get a really good opportunity speaking to the school's parents. There was a parent meeting to discuss, besides Blue Owl Learning, the future of students academics, but also their mental health awareness. 

After the amazing counselors talked about the data behind the positive impact made, Emaad, our senior administrator and event Coordinator Dinesh Sahai, and lead developer and director of outreach Paaras Purohit spoke to parents about who we are, what we do, the impact we've made, and how they can get involved. We spoke to parents about how we balance conceptual ideas with specific problems our students have to make them more successful than they would usually be.

Later, we were amazed to see so many new students in our sessions. We are so grateful for this opportunity. We would like to thank the counseling team at Design39 in San Diego as well as the parents there, too. 

*~ Paaras Purohit*